What is the capital of France? - Paris - Paris - London - Berlin
What is the chemical symbol for water? - H2O - H2O - CO2 - O2
What is the largest ocean on Earth? - Pacific Ocean - Pacific Ocean - Atlantic Ocean - Indian Ocean
What is the tallest mountain in the world? - Mount Everest - Mount Everest - K2 - Kangchenjunga
Who invented the telephone? - Alexander Graham Bell - Alexander Graham Bell - Thomas Edison - Nikola Tesla
What is the hardest natural substance on Earth? - Diamond - Diamond - Gold - Iron
What is the largest planet in the solar system? - Jupiter - Jupiter - Saturn - Neptune
Who wrote 'Romeo and Juliet'? - William Shakespeare - William Shakespeare - Charles Dickens - Jane Austen
Which animal is known as the King of the Jungle? - Lion - Lion - Tiger - Elephant
What is the longest river in the world? - Nile River - Nile River - Amazon River - Yangtze River
What is the capital of Canada? - Ottawa - Ottawa - Toronto - Vancouver
Who was the first President of the United States? - George Washington - George Washington - Abraham Lincoln - Thomas Jefferson
Which element has the atomic number 1? - Hydrogen - Hydrogen - Helium - Oxygen
What is the main ingredient in guacamole? - Avocado - Avocado - Tomato - Onion
What is the capital of Japan? - Tokyo - Tokyo - Beijing - Seoul
Which country is known as the Land of the Rising Sun? - Japan - Japan - China - South Korea
Who painted the Mona Lisa? - Leonardo da Vinci - Leonardo da Vinci - Vincent van Gogh - Pablo Picasso
What is the largest desert in the world? - Sahara Desert - Sahara Desert - Gobi Desert - Kalahari Desert
Who is the author of the Harry Potter series? - J.K. Rowling - J.K. Rowling - J.R.R. Tolkien - George R.R. Martin
What is the most spoken language in the world? - Mandarin - Mandarin - English - Spanish
What is the capital of Germany? - Berlin - Berlin - Munich - Hamburg
Who discovered penicillin? - Alexander Fleming - Alexander Fleming - Marie Curie - Louis Pasteur
What is the largest country by land area? - Russia - Russia - Canada - China
What is the currency of the United Kingdom? - Pound Sterling - Pound Sterling - Euro - Dollar
Which animal is the largest mammal on Earth? - Blue Whale - Blue Whale - Elephant - Giraffe
What is the primary ingredient in a traditional Japanese sushi roll? - Rice - Rice - Seaweed - Fish
Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic? - Amelia Earhart - Amelia Earhart - Harriet Quimby - Bessie Coleman
What is the longest wall in the world? - Great Wall of China - Great Wall of China - Berlin Wall - Hadrian's Wall
Who painted the Sistine Chapel ceiling? - Michelangelo - Michelangelo - Raphael - Leonardo da Vinci
What is the smallest planet in the solar system? - Mercury - Mercury - Mars - Venus
What is the largest volcano on Earth? - Mauna Loa - Mauna Loa - Mount St. Helens - Mount Fuji
Which company developed the iPhone? - Apple - Apple - Samsung - Microsoft
What is the speed of light? - 299,792,458 meters per second - 299,792,458 meters per second - 150,000 kilometers per second - 186,000 miles per second
Who is the Greek god of thunder? - Zeus - Zeus - Apollo - Ares
What is the chemical symbol for gold? - Au - Au - Ag - Fe
Which animal can sleep for up to 3 years? - Snail - Snail - Koala - Bat
Who invented the lightbulb? - Thomas Edison - Thomas Edison - Nikola Tesla - Alexander Graham Bell
What is the capital of Italy? - Rome - Rome - Venice - Milan
Which country is the Great Barrier Reef located in? - Australia - Australia - New Zealand - Fiji
Who was the first man to step on the moon? - Neil Armstrong - Neil Armstrong - Buzz Aldrin - Yuri Gagarin
What is the largest animal on land? - Elephant - Elephant - Rhino - Giraffe
What is the capital of Egypt? - Cairo - Cairo - Alexandria - Luxor
What is the longest-running TV show in history? - The Simpsons - The Simpsons - Friends - The Office
What is the tallest building in the world? - Burj Khalifa - Burj Khalifa - Shanghai Tower - One World Trade Center
Which is the hottest planet in the solar system? - Venus - Venus - Mercury - Mars
What is the capital of Spain? - Madrid - Madrid - Barcelona - Seville
Which animal is known for its ability to change color? - Chameleon - Chameleon - Octopus - Cuttlefish
What is the currency of Japan? - Yen - Yen - Won - Yuan
Which planet is known as the Red Planet? - Mars - Mars - Venus - Jupiter
Who invented the airplane? - Wright brothers - Wright brothers - Leonardo da Vinci - Amelia Earhart
Which element has the symbol Fe? - Iron - Iron - Oxygen - Fluorine
Who wrote 'The Odyssey'? - Homer - Homer - Virgil - Sophocles
Which country is famous for inventing pizza? - Italy - Italy - France - Greece
What is the capital of Australia? - Canberra - Canberra - Sydney - Melbourne
What is the longest-running Broadway musical? - The Phantom of the Opera - The Phantom of the Opera - Cats - Les Misérables
Which animal is known for its black and white stripes? - Zebra - Zebra - Tiger - Leopard
What is the hardest known material in the world? - Diamond - Diamond - Gold - Iron
Who invented the steam engine? - James Watt - James Watt - George Stephenson - Richard Trevithick
What is the capital of Brazil? - Brasília - Brasília - Rio de Janeiro - São Paulo
Which country is known for the Taj Mahal? - India - India - Pakistan - Bangladesh
What is the largest species of shark? - Whale Shark - Whale Shark - Great White Shark - Hammerhead Shark
Who developed the theory of relativity? - Albert Einstein - Albert Einstein - Isaac Newton - Nikola Tesla
Which country is famous for kangaroos? - Australia - Australia - South Africa - New Zealand



