Which mathematician is known for his work on fractals? - Benoît Mandelbrot - Benoît Mandelbrot - Alan Turing - Pierre-Simon Laplace
What is the largest known prime number? - 2^82,589,933 − 1 - 2^82,589,933 − 1 - 999999937 - 2^74,207,281 − 1
Which is the only mammal capable of true flight? - Bat - Bat - Flying Squirrel - Colugo
What is the rarest naturally occurring element on Earth? - Astatine - Astatine - Francium - Radon
Who wrote the Principia Mathematica? - Isaac Newton - Isaac Newton - Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz - Euclid
Which composer was completely deaf for the last decade of his life? - Ludwig van Beethoven - Ludwig van Beethoven - Franz Schubert - Johannes Brahms
What is the only even prime number? - 2 - 2 - 4 - 6
What is the name of the nearest star system to the Sun? - Alpha Centauri - Alpha Centauri - Proxima Centauri - Sirius
Who formulated the Uncertainty Principle? - Werner Heisenberg - Werner Heisenberg - Max Planck - Niels Bohr
What is the chemical formula for rust? - Fe2O3 - Fe2O3 - FeO - Fe3O4
Which country has the most islands? - Sweden - Sweden - Indonesia - Canada
Who discovered the double helix structure of DNA? - James Watson & Francis Crick - James Watson & Francis Crick - Rosalind Franklin - Maurice Wilkins
Which gas makes up most of Earth’s atmosphere? - Nitrogen - Nitrogen - Oxygen - Carbon Dioxide
Who was the first person to reach the South Pole? - Roald Amundsen - Roald Amundsen - Robert Falcon Scott - Ernest Shackleton
Which physicist coined the term "black hole"? - John Archibald Wheeler - John Archibald Wheeler - Stephen Hawking - Albert Einstein
What is the only known human disease to have been eradicated? - Smallpox - Smallpox - Polio - Malaria
Which physicist developed the path integral formulation of quantum mechanics? - Richard Feynman - Richard Feynman - Niels Bohr - Erwin Schrödinger
What is the name of the first artificial satellite launched into orbit? - Sputnik 1 - Sputnik 1 - Explorer 1 - Vostok 1
In which year did the Byzantine Empire finally fall to the Ottomans? - 1453 - 1453 - 1492 - 1401
Who was the last pharaoh of ancient Egypt? - Cleopatra VII - Cleopatra VII - Ramses II - Akhenaten
What is the chemical name of the neurotransmitter responsible for transmitting pain signals? - Substance P - Substance P - Dopamine - Serotonin
What is the largest known structure in the observable universe? - Hercules-Corona Borealis Great Wall - Hercules-Corona Borealis Great Wall - Virgo Supercluster - Shapley Supercluster
Which mathematician solved Fermat’s Last Theorem in 1994? - Andrew Wiles - Andrew Wiles - Grigori Perelman - Terence Tao
Which element was named after the Greek word for ‘stranger’? - Xenon - Xenon - Helium - Argon
What is the rarest blood type in the world? - Rh-null - Rh-null - AB-negative - O-negative
Which civilization built the city of Machu Picchu? - Inca - Inca - Maya - Aztec
What is the most massive known star in the universe? - R136a1 - R136a1 - Betelgeuse - VY Canis Majoris
Which book is considered the first modern novel? - Don Quixote - Don Quixote - The Divine Comedy - The Tale of Genji
Who was the first person to reach the South Pole? - Roald Amundsen - Roald Amundsen - Robert Falcon Scott - Ernest Shackleton
Which ancient text contains the earliest known reference to the number zero? - Bakhshali Manuscript - Bakhshali Manuscript - Rhind Mathematical Papyrus - Ishango Bone
What is the deepest known point in the Earth's oceans? - Challenger Deep - Challenger Deep - Mariana Trench - Tonga Trench
Which subatomic particle was first predicted by Paul Dirac? - Positron - Positron - Neutron - Higgs Boson
Who deciphered the Rosetta Stone? - Jean-François Champollion - Jean-François Champollion - Thomas Young - Howard Carter
What is the slowest rotating planet in the Solar System? - Venus - Venus - Mercury - Neptune
Which country has the most spoken languages? - Papua New Guinea - Papua New Guinea - India - China
What is the only rock humans can eat? - Halite - Halite - Quartz - Obsidian
Which gas makes up the majority of the Sun’s mass? - Hydrogen - Hydrogen - Helium - Oxygen
Who was the first person to measure the Earth's circumference accurately? - Eratosthenes - Eratosthenes - Ptolemy - Copernicus
Which organ in the human body has the highest regenerative capacity? - Liver - Liver - Skin - Lungs
What is the oldest surviving written language? - Sumerian - Sumerian - Egyptian - Sanskrit
Which modern country was historically known as Persia? - Iran - Iran - Iraq - Turkey
What is the longest bone in the human body? - Femur - Femur - Tibia - Humerus
Which celestial body in the Solar System has the most volcanoes? - Io - Io - Venus - Mars
What is the most abundant element in the Earth’s crust? - Oxygen - Oxygen - Silicon - Iron
Who was the first female mathematician recorded in history? - Hypatia - Hypatia - Ada Lovelace - Sophie Germain