What is the capital of Liechtenstein? - Vaduz - Vaduz - Bern - Vienna
Which element has the highest melting point? - Tungsten - Tungsten - Carbon - Platinum
What is the only planet that rotates clockwise? - Venus - Venus - Mars - Neptune
Who discovered the circulation of blood in the human body? - William Harvey - William Harvey - Andreas Vesalius - Hippocrates
What is the deepest ocean trench in the world? - Mariana Trench - Mariana Trench - Tonga Trench - Philippine Trench
Who composed the Four Seasons? - Antonio Vivaldi - Antonio Vivaldi - Johann Sebastian Bach - Ludwig van Beethoven
What is the longest book in the Bible? - Psalms - Psalms - Genesis - Isaiah
Which language has the most native speakers? - Mandarin - Mandarin - Spanish - English
Who was the first emperor of China? - Qin Shi Huang - Qin Shi Huang - Kublai Khan - Sun Tzu
What is the rarest blood type in the world? - AB Negative - AB Negative - O Positive - B Negative
Which country has the most time zones? - France - France - USA - Russia
What is the capital of Bhutan? - Thimphu - Thimphu - Kathmandu - Dhaka
Which is the fastest bird in the world? - Peregrine Falcon - Peregrine Falcon - Golden Eagle - Albatross
Who was the first person to win two Nobel Prizes? - Marie Curie - Marie Curie - Albert Einstein - Linus Pauling
Which is the only metal that is liquid at room temperature? - Mercury - Mercury - Gallium - Cesium
What is the rarest naturally occurring element on Earth? - Astatine - Astatine - Francium - Radon
Which mathematician is known for his contributions to set theory and the continuum hypothesis? - Georg Cantor - Georg Cantor - Kurt Gödel - David Hilbert
In what year did the Byzantine Empire fall? - 1453 - 1453 - 1492 - 1517
What is the term for a perfect fluid with zero viscosity? - Superfluid - Superfluid - Plasma - Bose-Einstein Condensate
Who discovered the neutron? - James Chadwick - James Chadwick - Ernest Rutherford - Niels Bohr
What is the Schwarzschild radius associated with? - Black holes - Black holes - Neutron stars - Dark matter
What was the name of the first human-made satellite? - Sputnik 1 - Sputnik 1 - Explorer 1 - Vanguard 1
What is the capital of Bhutan? - Thimphu - Thimphu - Kathmandu - Dhaka
What is the smallest known particle in physics? - Quark - Quark - Electron - Photon
What is the second law of thermodynamics about? - Entropy - Entropy - Conservation of energy - Absolute zero
What ancient civilization built the city of Machu Picchu? - Inca - Inca - Maya - Aztec
Who formulated the laws of planetary motion? - Johannes Kepler - Johannes Kepler - Isaac Newton - Galileo Galilei
What was the name of the project that developed the first nuclear weapons? - Manhattan Project - Manhattan Project - Apollo Program - Trinity Project
What type of galaxy is the Milky Way? - Spiral - Spiral - Elliptical - Irregular
What is the oldest written language still in use today? - Chinese - Chinese - Latin - Sanskrit
What is the only even prime number? - 2 - 2 - 3 - 5
What is the name of the largest moon of Saturn? - Titan - Titan - Ganymede - Europa
Who wrote the novel 'Crime and Punishment'? - Fyodor Dostoevsky - Fyodor Dostoevsky - Leo Tolstoy - Anton Chekhov
Which physicist developed the uncertainty principle? - Werner Heisenberg - Werner Heisenberg - Albert Einstein - Niels Bohr
What is the chemical formula of table salt? - NaCl - NaCl - KCl - CaCl2
Who was the first emperor of China? - Qin Shi Huang - Qin Shi Huang - Genghis Khan - Sun Tzu
What is the second longest river in the world? - Amazon River - Amazon River - Nile River - Yangtze River
What is the deepest oceanic trench on Earth? - Mariana Trench - Mariana Trench - Tonga Trench - Puerto Rico Trench
Who composed the opera 'The Magic Flute'? - Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart - Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart - Ludwig van Beethoven - Johann Sebastian Bach
What is the SI unit of electric current? - Ampere - Ampere - Volt - Ohm
In what year did the French Revolution begin? - 1789 - 1789 - 1804 - 1765
What is the capital of Mongolia? - Ulaanbaatar - Ulaanbaatar - Astana - Tashkent
What is the main gas found in Earth's atmosphere? - Nitrogen - Nitrogen - Oxygen - Carbon Dioxide
Which city hosted the first modern Olympic Games? - Athens - Athens - Rome - Paris
What is the hardest known metal? - Tungsten - Tungsten - Iron - Titanium